OBSDOCS-1603: Add assemblies to the 'Getting started' section (#87498)
openshift/openshift-docs: observability/monitoring/getting-started/user-workload-monitoring-first-steps.adoc

toc::[]

As a cluster administrator, you can optionally enable monitoring for user-defined projects in addition to core platform monitoring.
Non-administrator users such as developers can then monitor their own projects outside of core platform monitoring.

Cluster administrators typically complete the following activities to configure user-defined projects so that users can view collected metrics, query these metrics, and receive alerts for their own projects:

* xref:../../../observability/monitoring/configuring-user-workload-monitoring/before-you-begin-uwm.adoc#enabling-monitoring-for-user-defined-projects-uwm_before-you-begin-uwm[Enable user workload monitoring].

> * xref:../../../observability/monitoring/configuring-user-workload-monitoring/before-you-begin-uwm.adoc#granting-users-permission-to-monitor-user-defined-projects_before-you-begin-uwm[Assign the `monitoring-rules-view`, `monitoring-rules-edit`, or `monitoring-edit` cluster roles] to grant non-administrator users permissions to monitor user-defined projects.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* xref:../../../observability/monitoring/configuring-user-workload-monitoring/before-you-begin-uwm.adoc#granting-users-permission-to-monitor-user-defined-projects_before-you-begin-uwm[Grant non-administrator users permissions to monitor user-defined projects] by assigning the `monitoring-rules-view`, `monitoring-rules-edit`, or `monitoring-edit` cluster roles.
```
Just a suggestion so that the linked text will more closely match the title of the procedure that it links to.

Author: Love it, thank you!

> * xref:../../../observability/monitoring/configuring-user-workload-monitoring/before-you-begin-uwm.adoc#granting-users-permission-to-configure-alert-routing-for-user-defined-projects_before-you-begin-uwm[Assign the `user-workload-monitoring-config-edit` role] to grant non-administrator users permission to configure user-defined projects.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* xref:../../../observability/monitoring/configuring-user-workload-monitoring/before-you-begin-uwm.adoc#granting-users-permission-to-configure-alert-routing-for-user-defined-projects_before-you-begin-uwm[Grant non-administrator users permission to configure user-defined projects] by assigning the `user-workload-monitoring-config-edit` role.
```
Similar suggestion here.
